Update for the month June 2019 (#4617)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: devices/surface-hub/surface-hub-update-history.md

## Windows 10 Team Creators Update 1703

<details>
<summary>June 18, 2019—update for Team edition based on KB4503289*  (OS Build 15063.1897)</summary>

This update to the Surface Hub includes quality improvements and security fixes. Key updates to Surface Hub, not already outlined in [Windows 10 Update History](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4018124/windows-10-update-history), include:

* Addresses an issue with log collection for Microsoft Surface Hub 2S.

> * Addresses an issue that prevents a user from signing in to a Microsoft Surface Hub device with an Azure Active Directory account. This issue occurs because a previous session did not end successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Addresses an issue preventing a user from signing in to a Microsoft Surface Hub device with an Azure Active Directory account. This issue occurs because a previous session did not end successfully.
```
This is mostly a suggestion, based on my understanding of what feels easier to read for most users.
Feel free to ignore the suggested change if it is not an improvement.
